It seems as if nothing will cure me. I constantly do nothing, listen to music, write, re-watch the same series/cartoon over and over again, and imagine myself in alternate universes that don’t exist.
I listen to music as a way to distract myself
Prozac: I hear music constantly
does anyone blast music so loud it hurts to drown out their thoughts
Music playing in my head
Music to distract me
Listening music at high volume to numb your thoughts?
Whenever I start thinking of my life my head starts playing music instead.
I use music to drown out my thoughts and now I have tinnitus.
I listen to music to mute my thoughts
Anyone else listen to music loudly as to deafen the constant negative thoughts?
Constantly listening to music just to drown out your thoughts?
I am constantly watching television or listening to music or a podcast to distract myself from intrusive thoughts.
Do you ever try to play your music so loud that you can’t hear your thoughts anymore?
Music is time out from my brain
Music messes with my mind
I have to keep the music loud enough to drown out my thoughts
Every time I try cope with music, it just feels like it’s nothing but noise in my ears.
I listen to music constantly to distract myself, and it's not workkng anymore
Constant music in your head?
Third week of Wellbutrin - I keep hearing music in my head??
Do you ever turn up the volume on your music to drown out your negative thoughts?
Anyone else turn up their music uncomfortably loud to escape your own thoughts?
Listening to music loud enough to smother all that is going on in my mind.
Remove Mental Blockages and Dissolve Negativity with 432 Hz Music
When I’m listening to music sometimes I hear things I try to avoid thinking of
Does anyone get new music stuck in their head with no possible way to get it out and it drives you insane?
Yall ever just turn up the music so high it hurts to block out ur thoughts
Anybody else listen to very loud music through earphones to block out the depressing thoughts?
Anyone else start to freak out and starting panicking, so they go straight to blasting as much music as possible?
You know you’re in your head when you don’t play music in the shower and don’t even realize it
I use sleep, music, social media and daydreaming as an escape. How do I stop ?
Music is the only thing that allows me not to stay trapped in my mind
Constant need for loud music to drown out thoughts.
What does it mean when I have to listen to music to ignore my thoughts?
Excessive listening to music to numb my mind
I’m dealing with thoughts in my head daily. I’m trying so hard to cope using a journal, walking, listening to music or watching a movie. But it still gets in the way and makes me wanna shut down
Behind the walls of my mind, there is so much music.
What is it about pulsing, repetitive music?
Help me take my mind (and yours maybe) off with some music
Small amount of Random rambling about music
The music in my head stop playing recently. It’s all silence now. I used to have music in my head all day everyday. I lost everything recently. I lost my family, friends and love of my life. I lost my job but most importantly I lost the music in my head.
I had my music on shuffle and this popped up. The music and tiny amount of spoken lyrics perfectly encapsulate how it feels being in my head.
I lost my earphones with the iphone earphone adapter was inside it. Im really upset because I am reliant on my music to help me with my depression and concentrate doing my work and I can’t afford the £9 charger :((
111 hz Music Cellular Rejuvenation
