myself, marijuana 'abuse' , withdrawal, breakup, music, careers, work, family, friends, people, rant, vent, myself
DAE play music VERY VERY loudly and sing/yell along VERY VERY loudly when they feel really badly depressed?
Grades, Friendzone, lack of Romance, Friendship, being ugly, and Music.
Money, Technology, Life, School, Loneliness, music, and Psychedelics
Breakup, motivation, and music
Interest In Dark Music/Movies/Art and Depression?
Classical Music and Depression
DAE find that music helps with them understand and cope with their depression?
Sometimes I wonder if it's depression or just an excuse for sadness, lazyness, introversion, asociality, lack of motivation, self hatred, destroyed relationships, being alone, sad mood, cutting off from the world by listening to music or playing computer games, wasting time and feeling like shit
DAE feel guilty and that they're faking their depression because they can distract themselves from it with music or games?
Depression &amp; Music?
Music in relation to depression
I hear depression in music...
Music &amp; Depression
Depression is the only disorder that makes music sound like noise
Depression and music?
How do depressed musicians have motivation to make music?
Depression is like listening to the same albums over and over, being tired of them and hating all other music...
Abusing Music While Depressed
music and depression
music and depression
Opinions on music in relation to their depression
Music and being depressed
Depression is when you turn the music channels on.
Music and Depression
Music and Depression
Music and Depression
Music and Depression
Music and Depression
Music and Depression
Insight into positive music and depression
How do successful music artists with depression find the motivation to make music?
Music related depression
From depression did anyone develop symptoms of repeating music that you have heard and become sleep deprived from it.
Depression in music
Music, depression, and a pointless anecdote
Depression, music, &amp; more.
Music and depression
Music and depression
Music and depression
Music and depression?
The role of music in depression question?
Depression + anhedonia + music...
Sickness is affecting Mu Music
Soca - Music spurring happiness through culture.
