The only thing I do is listen to Music and watch classic movies
I want to fly back home to San Francisco, listen to some music, and jump off the bridge.
I can't remember the last time I did something except for going to work and listening to music all the time.
I always find myself listening to music gone past 1am and then wondering the next day why I feel so tired
do you listen to music when you go to sleep?
[17M] It's 2AM and once again I find myself blasting music in the dark by myself... How did it get this way...
All I do is listen to music and pretend everything's okay
Lying on bed listening to music
Fuck load of work to do but all I want to do is sleep and listen to music :/
DAE love being alone in the dark on their PC just listening to music, and thinking.
Does anyone just go into their dark room in the evening and just listen to chilled out music?
I don't 1). decorate 2). watch movies 3). listen to music; what do you guys not do?
Not watching TV or reading books or listening to music
All I ever do is listen to music and watch movies
I woke up at 3 A.M. and watched the sunrise from my bed while listening to music
It’s just one of those nights where I lay in bed listening to music for hours thinking about my shitting life.
I would like to drive around at night, thinking about life and listening to music.
Anyone else just listen to music all day and stare at their computer screen?
I just want to sit in the dark, blast my music, and drink/smoke time away
I just sit in my room in the dark every night for hours listening to music
Anyone else just listen to music and drink until the early hours of the morning?
I've been laying in bed staring at the roof and listening to music for the past 3 hours
Does anyone just spend their day laying listening to music and doing nothing?
2PM Staying In Bed, Listening to chillhop music and eat junkfood
all i do now on my free time is pace around my house/lay in bed and listen to music/watch youtube
Spend 20 minutes untangling my headphones in the dark so I can listen to music that will make me sob uncontrollably into my pillow typa night
“Spend 20 minutes untangling my headphones in the pitch dark so I could listen to music that will make me sob uncontrollably into my pillow” type of night
Does anyone else listen to music for hours and daydream of a life they don’t have?
Laying in bed and listening to music reflecting on the belief I've had in the past that music can sometimes sounds better when you're a little bit down.
Fall asleep to music, wake up to it
Anyone else just lay in their bed and listen to music for hours, every single day?
Ever spend whole day sleeping and listening to music
i have exams coming up for medical school but yesterday i spent the whole day (10hr) lsitening to music on youtube.
I'm stuck listening to music in my bed
Listen to really loud music until my ears hurt to distract myself at night.
Do you somtimes just sit down and listen to music and wonder.?
I listen to music 24/7 to distance myself from reality
Another one of those days where all I do is lie down in a dark room and listen to music
All I wanna do is sit around get high and listen to music
One of those, sit in a dark room all alone and cry while listening to music kinda nights
I just wanna smoke weed and listen to music somewhere far away from everything for the rest of my life
Has anyone tried dancing in the darkness of their room to their favorite music??
