listening to all the music we used to listen to together just makes it hurt worse.
Are you uplifted by negative music?
Wanna know something weird? Sometimes heavy music makes me feel better for a while.
Listening to music I used to love hurts
DAE Have to avoid certain music/songs so they don't remind you of good times that will never come back?
Does music bring you down?
Repulsed by music, movies, shows to the point of twitching. Am I fucked?
Anyone else listen to music to trigger feelings of lethargy within yourself?
My genre of music might be affecting me...
What music makes it worse?
It's time to suit up and face the music; I am a bad person.
help - my choice in music is making me worse
Playing music makes me feel awful. Should I give up?
music numbs the pain
Does music like "hurt" anyone else or hard to listen to?
Does music make anyone else feel better and worse at the same time?
Music videos make me worse
Music hurts
Music gives me bad feelings
Does anyone else feel like they've been punched in the chest after listening to nostalgic music?
Music affects me too much.
Does anyone else feel like music makes you feel worse?
I find Listening to Pop Music makes me Feel just a Little Better
Music sounds so much more beautiful when I’m hurting the most
you ever try to show someone something like a tv show or music and they just don’t give a fuck? Worst feeling ever...😖
Music is my painkiller , do you feel the same?
What music makes it worse
Self-Hatred and Music?
Music, movies, and TV shows make it worse!!!
Music makes it worse
Does certain music bring you back to a bad place?
You ever listen to music that hits so close to home you feel your heart screaming? It’s literally the worst experience I’ve ever had.
Listening to music helps me with my hateful feelings about myself
Why is it when ever I listen to music to make me feel better I end up feeling worse than before.
Music hurts me more than “real” things
Sometimes Music hurts me more than “real” things
does anyone else find music physically painful?
does music have an insane impact on anyone else? I just want to know cause I had a thought and when I have certain thoughts they don't leave and I'm not about to let my head ruin music
The Covid Symptoms of losing smell/tase are comparable of how I feel about music and sex
Music means so much on bad days
Does music have a bad connotation for anyone else?
Does the music comeback?
