Happy Music?
I thought we could make a list of music that makes you feel happy or better.
Not even my music makes me happy
Music is the only thing that makes me happy anymore.
So music is a powerful thing, below I'm posting all the songs that make me happy. Hopefully they can cheer some other people up in some small way
One of the best medicine: happy music
I only feel happiness when I'm watching films, listening to music, or visiting the forest.
the only things that make me feel even remotely happy anymore are being drunk and playing music so loud it drowns my thoughts and hurts my ears
Music is the only thing that brings me joy anymore
Happy music makes me sad...
Reading and listening to music and stupid podcasts is all that makes me happy.
I listen to happy music when I cut myself
Happy music just makes me sadder
Music makes me happy but life gets me down
Positive music made me feel happiness for a long time
Happy Only Music
Happy Music :)
Even with happy music in public I’m still sad
the only thing that makes me happy is drowning myself in music
Music, music makes me happy
This is how music will help you to get happier again 🌺
Music is the only thing that make's me happy lately.
Listening to happy music makes me sad
Happy music only makes me sadder now.
Music no longer gives me joy
I fucking need Spotify premium in the middle of a mental breakdown listening to my music full blast and just hear "there are so many reasons to be happy" like fuck off and let my cry in peace please.
Is being happy in my music induced day dreams fulfilling enough to give me reason to stay alive?
Even happy music makes me sad
I got mad at google assistant for not caring for me and at a music video for people being too happy
Hearing happy music makes me even sadder
‘Happy’ music makes me depressed
Happy and energetic Music - Morning Music to Feel Instantly Uplifted &amp; More Positive
Music and daydreaming are the only things that bring me the slightest joy
Happy music for an unhappy time
I’m only “happy” when I am watching tv or listening to music.
Music gives me short lived happiness and its very unhealthy
Listening to music from when I was happy is a good cope
I wish to be happy enough to listen to happy music without being sad
[Music] Bobby McFerrin- Don't Worry Be Happy 
Affirmations For Wealth &amp; Happiness / 24/7 Livestream With 432 Hz Frequency Music
