AGAINST THE DARKNESS - This is a music video about someone who took their life because of depression, sad yet powerful song, I believe this deserves your upvote. (x-post from r/Videos)
I have never seen a music video or heard a song that has explained depression in a relationship better than this.
Music Video dedicated to Suicide Prevention
For the people who think about giving up (music video)
Choreographed Music Video symbolizes the duality of depression/addiction and its often cyclical affect.
[Music Video] I am constantly fighting depression and every day I feel like quitting..... I really want to stop on that note; but I have an obligation to keep trekking forward. Here is a music video by Angel Olsen, in which, I feel we all share the same emotions and heartfelt anguish...
my music video for my depression
Concrete - "Down" (Official Music Video)
Maroon 5 - Sugar Music Video was on my suggested songs
I've been in kind of a slump the past year or so, this music video made me feel truly happy, which I haven't felt in a while.
Suicide Prevention Music Video created by Oak Mountain High School seniors
My favorite music video
To me, this music video symbolizes what depression does to you. (video not about depression)
I've been depressed for months so I made this music video
Music video I made that visually sums up my depression
I want to live in the music video for Usher's 'OMG'
Our borderline depressing but mildly heartwarming (very short) music video. Let's start a conversation and get better together.
I hope this music video might cheer you up
Looking for a music video
Disturbed - A Reason To Fight [Official Music Video]
CHVSE - Blackout (Official Music Video)
YUNG $HADE - Suicide (Official Music Video)
Hai friends please watch this video and subscribe to my channel and support me friends it's also help you to overcome from depression and anxiety with nature music thank you so much
Hi friends please watch this video and subscribe to my channel and support me friends it's also help you to overcome from depression and anxiety with nature music thank you so much
Hey guys my band Ghost Town Remedy is making a collaborative music video to help raise awareness for mental illness. If you’ve lost someone due to suicide or have struggled with depression yourself we’d love to have you submit and It only takes about 5 mins to shoot &lt;3
I made a very elaborate music video about the bad state of the world and the depression it causes
A dance video to explain what depression feels like - the music is based on the dancer's moves
R.E.M. - Everybody Hurts (Official Music Video)
I made a music video about mental health, please see if you'll like it?
Request - Someone here posted a music video which had an injured soldier in it... who speaks at the start urging people not to give up... Now I can't find that post/video. Can someone help?
This song is about fame, but for some reason the lyrics (not to mention the music video) always remind me of depression. Thought you guys might appreciate it...
Request - Someone here posted a music video which had an injured soldier in it... who speaks at the start urging people not to give up... Now I can't find that post/video. Can someone help? 
Request - Someone here posted a music video which had an injured soldier in it... who speaks at the start urging people not to give up... Now I can't find that post/video. Can someone help? 
This is the video, coupled with the music, that makes me happy no mater what by the end. Temporary fix, but its a good one!
Pearl Jam Black music video - YouTube
Check out this music video about loneliness, small-town isolation, depression, isolation and suicide.
I feel like this music video portrays what I feel like on a daily basis, emptiness and loneliness captured so perfectly in a short video.
Even if you don't like rap, please watch this music video and listen to the lyrics. Joyner Lucas - I'm Sorry
What does the fox say? A cheerful music video to lighten up your day.
