It has been ages since I felt good enough to listen to music, watch a movie, or play a game.
Alcohol, cigarettes and music are the only things that make me feel anymore
Music and food do not make me feel as good anymore?
new music release helped me snap out of breakdown
Music used to be my life, but now I feel nothing when I listen or play
I feel like the only thing I havnt pushed away yet is the music
I can't express my feelings through music anymore.
I listen to music all day long to forget about my feelings.
I can only feel through music
Music had made me feel like shit again.
I can listen to music again and feel something!
I could feel the music again this morning
How the fuck do I feel music again
I️ don’t feel music anymore
I feel dead inside. The only moments where I feel something are when I eat and when I listen to music
Was feeling down but after listening to music I feel so much better
My Emotions Shut Off. All Music Sounds Bad
Music falling apart for me
Music doesn't make me feel anything anymore
Suddenly stopped feeling music
Suddenly stopped feeling music
I don't FEEL music anymore!! :(
Is it just me, or does even music not feel the same anymore?
Listening to music is the only time I feel something
Music doesn’t make me feel anything anymore
All I have left is music and I can feel it fading
When I listen to music I get overwhelmed by my emotions and I don't know what to do.
I feel nothing no emotions. I don’t even enjoy music. In the past at concerts I’d just stand still while everyone else danced. I’ve never been in love never had a relationship. Life is pointless
Music used to be everything to me and now I don’t feel anything
The only way I can feel anything is by listening to music in my headphones
I was just bobbing my head to some music and realized I feel absolutely nothing
Im feeling really down, music is the onky esy for me to escape
I fell out of music and I feel crestfallen.
When nothing does it, most times, music has my back
Music doesn't move me the way it used to.
I don’t remember the last time music moved me
If anyone is feeling deppresed, try listening to xxxTentacion, he changed my life, and he can change yours too, even though he’s not here on earth anymore, his message lives on through his music.
Music doesn't have the same effect on me as it did before.
