Hey guys I made a spotify playlist for r/frisson, but I figured y'all might like it as well if you need some music to cry to.
Can anyone link some sad synthwave/simpsonwave music? I'm trying to listen to something fitting while I lay in bed all night again
Pls give me some music. I like anything but want something I’ve probably not heard. Slow and sad shit. Genre does not matter but as I said something slow and sad.
What sad songs do you guys listen to? [Music]
Hey guys. Music has probably saved my life a dozen times. What's your go to sad song playlist?
anyone know any good sad/depressing music?
I'm sad and need music
Some sad music suggestions.
Good sad music?
Anyone have any good sad music to send myself deeper into this hole?
Just some music to make me more sad
Choices for sad music
Music channel based around the underground sad genre scene. I hope you feel better one day - Biteki
Does anyone got any good old sad music?
sad music titles??
Depressing/sad music recommendations?
playlist for crying? need new songs, new music for the bad days
Send me your best sad/hurt music.
Sad music recommendations?
Looking for upbeat music with sad lyrics
Anyone know any good sad music/artists?
looking for more sad depressing music what are you favorites?
I need some sad music, anybody got a good playlist
Anyone got some sad music? I want some sad music to listen to please.
share your sad music with me please
Anyone has some sad music recommendations?
Heres a spotify playlist I made for those of you who want sad music
Here are some sad songs playlist if you are into music. This is a quality playlist. Enjoy!
sad music usually helps me somehow so do any of you have any recommendations?
If anyone wants a sad song. This is my current go to and music always seems to help me understand what’s in my head.
had a bad day, found sad music really helped me feel and pull myself out. Any sad music you guys listen to when it's a dark day(s)?
Sad music suggestions?
Favorite sad music lyrics?
I made a 30+ hour spotify playlist of all my favourite sad, dark and depressing songs. Listening to sad music comforts me when I'm feeling down so I hope some of these songs can do the same for you. Feel free to give suggestions.
Need more “sad girl” music
Just another ramble of mine, honestly you're feel free to ignore. I swear on my love for music I'm not looking for pity or anything, just a ramble in honest.
A Playlist Based On Smashing Pumpkins' Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness (OC) (original post on r/Music)
