Music and gaming giving relief
Blues music is helping me a lot recently
A strategy I use for dealing with my lower points is music and video games (stay tuned you don't know where im going with this)
Here is some relaxing music that can help you. Remember you are not alone and that better days await you. put on an adblocker for uninterrupted hearing
Lo-fi music really helped me concentrate when i was in these dark times of my life, you really have to try it
Music doesn't help me anymore (this will be kind of long)
even music isn't helping now.
music has helped me- but also made me ten times worse
Please use music to the fullest, it can work wonders, even if the effects fade away slowly
Music has always helped me so much! It gets better! ❤️❤️❤️
Fucking music doesn’t even help
Music. I fell in love with this song. I know I can't fix, cure it, but music has always helped me, and perhaps it'll help you too. Have a listen.
I Turned To Making Music To Help Me Out Of It.
Music makes it better
I think I'll leave this here, this music might help some of you, as it does me.
Music can do wonders
music that helps
Marilyn Manson music helps me...
Music Artist I recently discovered has helped me through some tough times
Music that helps.
Whats helped me: music
Listening to music helps
The music helps
Music helps?
Music that helps
Music that helps
Music helps me SO much.
share some music that helps ya out
How music helped me
How music helped me
Music can help.
Music Helps.
Music helps, sometimes
Real music helps, Give it a go.
Loud music helps
Music has been helping me lately.
Some music I listen to that helps me
The music that helps...
The music that actually helps
This music actually helps...
The music that actually helps..
The music that actually helps....
Listen to the music.
Music that helps?
Music that helps?
Music helps most of the time
Music helps.
Music helps.
If music is something that can help you...
Anyone have any music that helps
Music can really Help
Music really does help.
playing spot the difference listening to music helps
Music helped me a lot
Music Helps
Music that helped you
Music helps me a bit
Classical Music Helps Me
Music really helps me
Music has helped me through everything
Listening music helps me a lot.
Classic Music Helps :)
Music that helps please.
I found some amazing music which may help a lot of you...
Listening to piano covers of some of my favorite video game music has been helping me to feel again.
Music has helped so much
Friendly reminder that music can help
music helped me so much
Music is the only thing that helps me anymore
Music that Helps Me
Listening to classical music helps too!
Music to help
Some music to help
Music helps so much
You need some music
Music has gotten me through some pretty tough times this past year. Maybe it’ll help you.
Only music helps
Help me help you and others.. share music that has helped you through the hard times.
Music is the only thing that helps me
Music is the only thing that helps me
Maybe some music will help 🎶
music that helps you
Music helps
Music helps
Music helps
Is it just me or loud music kind of helps?
I don't know about anyone else, but music has really helped me through tough times when there wasn't anyone there for me. I thought I'd share some of the songs that really helped me at times.
