What's your go-to song/music artist? Especially when you are on full-on depresso. Kinda wanna venture and check out other stuff.
Hi r/depression what music do you listen to?
What music is good to listen to for anxiety and depression?
Those with depression, what are you music tastes? What do you listen to, if anything?
Best music to listen to while depressed?
What music do you listen to on your depressive episode?
When you're feeling depressed what music do you listen to? I find my self listening to heavy metal. 5 finger death punch Jekyll and Hyde.
intense depressive episodes &amp; music - what do you listen to when these episodes happen?
Best music to listen to when depressed?
What song/music do you listen to when you're depressed?
what music do you listen to when you're going through a depression episode?
What music do you listen when you feel depressed?
Favorite music to listen to while depressed?
What music do you listen to when you’re depressed?
What music do you listen to when trying to cope with your depression?
What music artist do you turn to when your feeling depressed?
Hello my fellow depressed comrades, what music have you been listening to recently?
What she your favorite music to listen to when depressed or suicidal?
What music do you listen to when depressed?
What music do you listen to when you're depressed?
What music do you listen to when you're depressed?
What music do you listen to when you're depressed?
What music do you listen to when you're depressed?
What music do you guys listen to when your depressed?
People who listen to music, what do you listen to while you’re feeling depressed?
Share me your your go to music you listen to when your depressed or feeling sad?
What music do you guys like to listen to when you're depressed?
I have never connect more with an artist or group of artists when it comes to mental health than Brockhampton, what music do you guys listen to when you are feeling fucked up?
I wonder what music I would listen to if I wasn't depressed.
What type of music do you listen to when you feel depressed?
What music do u listen to when u are depressed?
What music do you listen to when having a really bad anxiety/depression moment?
Music that you listen to when depressed?
What music do you listen to when you are depressed?
What music you like to hear when depressed?
What music do you listen to so that you "try to get into a better mood"?
