I'm too depressed for music. Happens. Worse; I'm too depressed for booze. Happened. I'm too depressed for bud. What?
I feel like an alien. I don't like books, movies, TV shows, food, music, etc... Is it depression or just me?
Listening to hip-hop music is making me depressed, says my mother
too depressed for my old hobbies (music, video games, etc.)
Low motivation and drive but I really enjoy e.g. listening to music and playing piano, however when I'm not doing anything I feel terribly bored and apathetic. Does this sound like atypical depression?
I get shit faced drunk and drive and listen to music when I’m super depressed
Ignorance and having low IQ IS NOT A BLISS. Low IQ is a curse. I am depressed because this is a DOG EAT DOG world no matter what people say. I do not want to work anymore. I just want to listen to music, play video games and watch movies. I am tired of continuous pressure to be 'productive'.
Feeling depressed, tried listening to music but music doesn't even sound good when I'm depressed.
DAE Get depressed, listen to sad music and get even more depressed?
Depressed? Music helps a lot.
too depressed to listen to music
Even my music wants me to be depressed
While listening to music is the only time I don’t feel depressed.
I can't even enjoy music I haven't been this depressed since high school
Sometimes I feel like my favorite music is making me more depressed
I am too depressed to do anything other than listen to music all day.
Music makes me depressed now
Too depressed to think about how depressed I actually am so I listen to music to distract myself
music i love makes me depressed?
I've been sitting idle at my computer with no music on for over two hours and I just realized that I more depressed than I like to admit.
How can you be depressed and not also love music ?
Music seems to make me depressed
almost all music makes me depressed.
Get depressed to listen music to get depressed to...
Most of the time I’m even too fucking depressed to watch YouTube or listen to music
Why can't I enjoy music when not depressed?
Music makes me depressed af
I can’t listen to any music that isn’t completely depressed
