Because of /r/depression I am now able to play my music live in front of crowds. I am also about to start recording an EP... because of you guys. I need your help with two more things. More info in the text.
Because of /r/depression I am now able to play my music live in front of crowds. I am also about to start recording an EP... because of you guys. I posted the songs 'Lila B' and 'Currents'. More info in text.
Because of /r/depression I am now able to play my music live in front of crowds. I am also about to start recording an EP... because of you guys. I posted the songs 'Lila B' and 'Currents'. More info in text.
I have created a subreddit for depression music if anyone is interested.
I posted this when I first created it but for people who aren't aware, I have a subreddit for "depression music" if anyone in interested.
/r/depression plug.dj music sharing?
I have a subreddit for "depression music" if anyone is interested.
Need participants for music video with depression theme.
Help Us Raise Awareness About Anxiety/Depression And Similar Issues In Our Next Music Video
[X-post from /r/music] Cataloguing my Seasonal Affective Disorder using Spotify
Music from the depressed mind : Youtube: Chris La Fields
I recorded an album of music during a very intense major depressive episode. To share it I made physical copies and sent messages to friends I thought would appreciate it. Only two people claimed their copies.
Sub for depressed music or art?
Here’s a music video about depression. If there were rules in this subreddit, I’m sure this would break them. Don’t care. Here’s to empathy.
Looking for Spotify listeners interested in music and mental health!
Want beat depression by making music? we're searching for Lyricist
Amazing visual art asmr kaleidoscope with sleep music. Hope it helps someone with depression. https://youtu.be/_v9ujsgn1JY
Want to music collab with other r/depressed people.
This is the music of depression.
What is your go to music r/depression?
Music for Depression?
Music albums/artists that helped you battle depression
Unofficial Depressed Music Thread
Made some music inspired by depression, addiction and suicide
Depression music
Depression music thread
Depression music thread
Music for depression.
Music for depression.
Music for depression.
Music To Fuel Depression
Music chains the depressive monster
Music thread! Post your favorite songs. Relation to depression doesn't matter
Nurse With Wound: music for kind of catatonic depression
Depression x Music
Depression Music?
One of the best depictions of depression in music...
depressed (=/= sad) music
Ambient music for depression
The cure for depression - music
Share some good depression music
Music for depression?
What’s your go to music for depression?
Depression music?
Was going to ask my crush out with this. Someone asked her an hour before I did. So here I am listening to music to help me cope with the magnifying effects of my depression
depression music sharing thread
Reddit depression music
does anyone have any depression/suicide related music to reccomend?
MUSIC PROJECT TO RAISE AWARENESS ABOUT DEPRESSION
Music against depression?
Depression Music
Depression Music
Depression Music
Music about Depression / Anxiety
"Depression music"?
Music for Depression &amp; How to Cut
Music for depression
Music for depression
Does anyone have an music artist who has gotten them through multiple depressive episodes?
Music for Depression
What kind of music does r/depression listen to?
Good Depression Music?
Fucking Depressed....Old Country Music Depressed...
Music for deppresion
Sibylle Baier - Colour Green [Music] - If my depression made music, it would sound a lot like this
Feeling really depressed, can't stop playing this song Staind - Epiphany (lyrics) Sometimes music can speak louder than words alone.
      
SIX FEET UNDER by LOUIS AGUILAR - stereomood – emotional internet radio - music for my mood and activities
