Which piece of music or song best represents how you feel on a day-to-day basis?
Music that makes you feel "hope"
Music that relates to how I feel sometimes
Creating, recognizing and dealing with emotional barriers (realized through music)
What music helps you feel better?
My feelings are music.
What music best mirrors your emotions?
I want to express how I feel through music
Some music to cope with your emotions
Hey everyone, wanted to see how many of you can relate to my feelings through the music I made
Music, that actually reflects my feelings.
Music used to have emotion to it, now it's just sound.
It's funny how the meaning of music changes when you listen to it in some kind of emotional mood.
Music that makes you feel better?
Music that makes you feel better?
Music (or other art) that makes you feel better?
Music that really spoke to my heart
Music to make me actually feel my negative emotions?
Music to feel better
Music that makes you feel a little more okay?
embracing my dark personality and pouring my emotions into making music
Expressing feelings with a Video / Music
Does anyone have art/music/stories/movies that either help you feel deeper or inspire you?
Emotional music
Music actually makes me feel satisfied
Music makes me feel satisified
What kind of music helps you feel better?
I often communicate trhought music and hope people understand what i'm feeling.
Sincerely, sometimes the only thing that can make me feel is music
For those who need music to express how they feel...
Music numbs my feelings and helps me feel them all at the same time. what a cool man-made thing to exist in this world where nothing else makes sense sometimes
Good music that makes you feel something positive.
I Find Expressing Myself Through Music Makes Me Feel A Bit Better.
Music as a form to process feelings and emotion
Post the music best reflecting your state of mind
Songs That Build Us Up! How To Feel Loved Through Music.
My music reflects how I'm feeling.
Good vibes through music
Isn't it crazy how music evokes such emotion?
Good music for releasing emotion?
I've Gotten Into "Chill Vibes" Music
Music definitely plays a role in your emotional state
I really only know how to express myself with music... I CAN'T talk because I never truly say what I mean.
I recommend this with Buckethead - Electric Tears if you want to flush out negative emotions through music (and the visuals, if you like).
Feelings through music
Shoutout to music for making me feel better temporarily
Anyone else have a piece of art (music, painting, etc...) that perfectly describes the way they are feeling?
Music helps me the most, especially music that expresses how I feel. Maybe some of you can relate to the feelings in my latest track?
emotional classical music you might enjoy
Music that makes you feel less alone
Am i the only one who feels completely healthy while listening to music? What songs make you feel that way?
Music is pretty much the only thing that makes me feel something that isn’t introspective, lonely and sad
Can Music Help You To Feel Better?
Music to feel more miserable
The Thirds - 'Our Isolated Place' --- A musical poem written about the current global situation, somewhat dark somewhat inspiring. You can make your own mind up. Something different from The Thirds while we continue to work on new music.
I know most people don’t like xxtenaction or lil peep but their music saved my life tonight.. whats some music that helps you?
Here's a piece of music I composed today - "Elegy"
nujabes' music is so ethereal, and sort of takes my mind off of everything
One of the times game-music tugged my heartstrings
If we had background music in our lives, I feel like we would feel better in ourselves
Music feels like a cocoon
Music somehow brings texture to my stunted view of the world
