Drunk depressed and listening to loud music in my bathtub - can anyone talk?
Television/books/music fill you with emotions and make you feel alive, even if you're depressed (at least that's how it worked for me). But are they really valuable/do they really matter, if the feelings only last for a moment and don't affect your actual mindset?
Do you listen to music to reflect your current emotions or listen to positive music to try and make yourself happier?
Does anybody else think of the worst things about life and depression when you are alone and have nothing like music TV books or anything to distract you from it??
Rumination (consistently thinking negatively, listening to sad music, etc.) vs. clinically diagnosed depression
Does anyone else find that music resonates with your emotions much more intensely when you are depressed?
Does depressing music make you more depressive?
Does anyone else find it hard to listen to music at times of depression?
Does depressing music do more harm than good?
Anyone else so messed up and depressed that you can't even listen to music?
Does anybody else listen to instrumental music when they are really depressed?
Anyone ever stuck listening to music that helps induce your depressive state?
When people are depressed, does music seem to have another depth and dimension to it?
Anyone else not listen to music because it worsens your depression? I am wondering if anyone else has had a similar experience.
When depressed do you listen depressive music?
Did anyone else lose the ability to get chills from music or art while having a depressive episode?
@depressed ppl who listen to music bc it's the only thing that keeps them sane
When depressed do you listen to upbeat music or depressed music?
How do you feel listening to music you listened to while depressed in the past?
Does depressing music help with anyone else’s depression?
Anyone else suddenly unable to enjoy music after a major depressive episode?
Every since I fell into a hard depressive episode 4 days ago I haven't listened to music in fear of being reminded of my friend...
Does my depression make me listen to sad music or does sad music make me more depressed?
Anyone listen to music from the times when you weren’t depressed?
Does annyone listen to music when feeling depressed
Does response to music show how depressed a person is?
Does anyone else get super depressed when listening to *any* music?
Is it just me, or does music become physically painful to listen to during depressive episodes?
Does anyone else ever listen to music when you're depressed so you don't start thinking about everything that's wrong with your life?
If you don't get an emotional response from listening to music does that mean you have depression? Listening to music doesn't give me chills like it does for some people.
I was told that sad music helps when depressed. Does this help anyone else besides me?
QUESTION: Do you lose the ability to enjoy music when depressed?
has anyone else become so depressed that music doesn’t sound good anymore
Anyone else listen to certain music when they are depressed af?
Anyone else feels instantly 10x more depressive when hearing some music genres?
When you are depressed and listening to music does it sound different each time, or is it just me?
Do you ever get in moods where you can’t even listen to music because every song reminds you of how unhappy you are?
Do all depressed people listen to Lo-Fi music ?
I can always tell when I’m in a depressive episode cause I never want to listen to new music
Anyone else out there who feels upset and sick if you hear any music when depressed?
Is it low mood if it is caused after listening to depressing music?
Do you listen to music when depressed too? 
Does it help most to listen to happy or sad music while depressed?
Does anyone get so depressed they can’t even listen to music?
Have you ever been so depressed you don’t even feel like listening to music?
Does depressing music makes you depressed?
Am i the only one depressed that listens to happy music?
Does Sad Music Spur Your Depression or Help You Cope?
Does music help when you’re feeling especially down or depressed? If so, what kind of music helps most?
Does anyone else find the ability to enjoy/ not enjoy music a key indication of a depressive episode beginning?
Do you listen to depressing music because you're depressed, or are you depressed because you listen to depressing music?
Does music (especially top 40 pop) depress anyone? Just a rant...
Does music help anyone feel a 'little bit' better? Or does it just bring back sad memories?
Do certain songs/music give you existential dread?
Do you also listen to depressing music to cope? If yes why?
