Having been depressed for around 8 years now, I feel like it led me to find some really good music that helped me out during that time. What are some boss ass songs that you have stumbled upon on the internet during your depression? I know you all have at least one song to share!
Music for depressed and angry people, my list and your suggestions.
Upbeat depressed bops music suggestions
Anyone got any music recommendations for days when you just feel like depressed and shitty?
I have a playlist full of songs about stress anxiety depression and the such, is there a good radio station with the same that specializes in mental health music? ie. ADHD by Joyner Lucas
Music is powerful R/depression. What are some good songs that help you battle negative feelings?
Do you have any instrumental music that you think fits the feeling of depression?
Music that sums up your depression?
What are some good songs/music for depression to lift your mood or relate to?
What music encapsulates you guys' experiences with depression/how depression feels to you? (Long personal story ahead)
I find music helps me when no person can, so what is your favorite song that either is helping you or has helped you with depression?
What music emphasizes your depression?
The music of depression- I can't sleep, so I've been digging through Rhapsody and my collection, making a playlist to make myself feel better.
Good music for depression?
Good music for depressive periods?
Music or movies about depression?
Music recommendations for people going through depression?
What artist's music helped you cope with depression?
Your music albums to help you during depression?
Depression Music Recommendations?
Any good music to help with depression
Good music for people experiencing depression?
What kind of music motivates you in your battle with depression?
Best music for depression (please add to the list)
poetry and music I recommend for depression
music that a depressed person [me] could relate to?
Any Depressed music recommendations?
Any suggestions for music that either details the struggle of depression or helps you during the tough times?
Anybody got music that will help me indulge my depression?
I need new depression music to listen to
Just wanted to ask, what music help you throughout the depressive period?
What music helps with your depression?
Is there any kind of music that helps you snap out of depressive state?
Any music that helps lift your mood when depressed? Or any that makes it worse?
What music is on your depression play list?
What’s your depression music?
Music for Someone Who is Going Through Depression
Music that help going through depression
What depressive music do you enjoy.
What is on your depression music playlist?
Whose music lyrics do you listen to that makes you feel less alone in battling depression?
Music suggestion for depressed people
I like to deepen my depression with music. I sort of keep going back and forth through it. Can anyone suggest similar songs to (link in desc)?
I've been going through it.. and let my apartment turn into a depression nest. I've had a little more energy lately and am planning to finally clean up tomorrow. I'm asking for music recommendations, that I can make into a playlist for my big day.
Music recommendations for depression?
Any music recommendations for coming out of depression?
What is some good music that represents depression?
Hey r/depression. I'm curious as to what music helps you guys through rough times. 
Looking to add music to my "Depressed but Chill" playlist, WHAT YALL GOT?!?!?!
D-CYPHR - Part Of Me (NEW Sad Piano Rap Song that I made while going through a really hard time. I had to use music as therapy, please check this out it would mean a lot)
