I wrote a piece of music to help cope last year
Listening to music has always been a coping mechanism for me to say thanks I wrote this open letter to Logic
Does anyone else use writing music as a way to deal with strong lows?
Struggling Music Composer
Isn’t stuff like music instrument practice, reading, jogging.. just repression?
lost someone-found making music as a coping tool? It could help you &lt;3
Anyone use video games, tv, music, ect. to escape reality?
I play music and write songs to cope and have been for a couple years.
i'm using music to cope with the death of my aunt and i've withdrawn from my friends.
Music and drugs failing as temporary distractions
What kind of music helps you cope? I listen to post-rock, post-metal, and industrial metal.
Music to cope to?
Looking for some music to cope
What works of music (album, song, artist, etc) do you all turn to when things get bad? That is, if music is a means of coping for you.
Does anyone else use music to cope?
Anyone else here that mainly uses music as a way to escape reality?
Anyone else use music as a crutch?
thoughts about music and just needing to vent in general
To the artists (and other people too): Do you find that all you can bear to do is watch tv and listen to music?
Music to cope?
Any of you guys use music like a drug?
Does Anyone Feel Dependent on Music?
What music helps you cope or what helps you cope?
Does music help you cope?
Coping music
my coping mechanism is listening to music literally all day
Anyone Else Facing Grief Listening To Music From Better Periods In Your Life?
I use music as a coping mechanism, but I'm not sure if its the best Idea. I need to be careful to vent and not wallow.
How I cope: Music
Anyone else use music as a lifeline?
Music was my coping mechanism and I think it isn't working as well
Who else loves to listen to music from relatively good times in their lives as a coping mechanism?
Anyone else use music to cope?
Music is the only coping mechanism I have. Anyone else?
Influence of music [vent]
Music retreat really isn't going as well as I had hoped.
Does anyone else require music in order to do things?
The problem with using music to cope
For everyone who ganz live without music (not really known artists sadly + trigger warning) ... everyone needs to shut and relax sometimes &lt;3
Music as a coping mechanism
Music as a coping mechanism
Tonight's self-injurious behavior: Procrastination via listening to music that hits right in the feels and crying.
Using music to cope
Music as an outlet… anyone else like to just listen to music as an outlet to feel better? What do you listen to?
What music do you listen to to cope
Who else uses music to cope?
Does anyone use music to cope? What kind of music do you listen to?
I honestly feel like I rely music almost too religiously
Incredibly despondent about music performance
Managing my MDD with Music
